it goes up and down it goes up and down it goes up and down
it's all that goes up an hour so goes down
also work the electric windows of the
your car an item that combines comfort and
security in one touch
but attention this facility has also
their costs and, as with any other
another component of the car needs
maintenance looks good to start
there are two types of machines
the most common steel and
gear teeth with iron teeth
both as well as
any part of the car suffer from
with the accumulation of dust and dirt what
over time makes movement difficult
of rising glass descent furthermore
natural wear of the weather either early or
later it appears in the case of the
gear she ends up breaking her teeth
or game and thus getting well treated
already in the case of the cable machine it goes
shifting the steel wire to the breaking point
and the breaking of glass
now the big question is how to predict
What's happening
when the manual mechanism is easy after all
just look at the effort to turn the crank
as increases
already when the electric system people
you can observe when one of the
faster than the other or if
listening to clicks or noises means
It's time to visit a son.
I want car costs about 100 reais
already the price of a new machine or a
kit gears can reach 600 reais
to not spend as much besides being
Watch out for what they warn of the glass note
there any more tips
first if you have children do not let
they play with the switches that
decreases the life of the button and also
Second spet cheer you want to open the
glass pushes the button the glass has already gone down and
you keep pushing the button
this can overwhelm the entire system
besides affecting other components of the
and then prepare your pocket because the
repair can go expensive
The third tip is to do the lubrication
of the channels with silicone can also
avoid a bigger problem
after all, when they are dry or
dirty they begin to understand the expert
since the book's launch is to have a
car with the electric glass is undoubtedly
one more convenience so be sure to
make the butter preventive ice time
look for a small specialized is the
close to the football angle